Stop it
Open the door
Xiaoli, are you alright?
Wait a minute
What were you doing just now?
Mr. Yan, this is all a misunderstanding
We don't know him, he is your apprentice
Yes, Mr. Yan
It's all a misunderstanding
Mr. Yan, we were wrong.
Yes, Mr. Yan
Let us go
Don't fool me with these words
Go to the law enforcement bureau now
Lest I take you there myself
Ok ok ok ok
Go go go now
Senior Sister Wen Li
What's up?
Why are you here?
I have an appointment with Wen Li to train here
It's the size of the International Pavilion.
Isn't that enough training for you?
You have to run to a place like this to train
I really asked Wen Li to train here
Teacher, what you stay and say is
Let's get out of here
The teacher is bothering you again.
Wan Li, I know you want to learn quickly
Raise your level
But you're too naive.
Don't trust anyone easily
Do you understand, teacher?
Oh, I see.
Hey